WEEK 3 USER STORIES

Any remaining user stories from earlier weeks, plus:

1) A complete suite of JUnit tests.  This really isn't a 'user story',
but unit tests are really important.  Although we said in week 2 that
JUnit tests should be written, this is the week that you need to focus
on getting a good solid suite of tests into the project, making sure that
you have good coverage of your implementation code in your tests.


2) Javadoc documentation.  Again, this really isn't a 'user story', but
documentation is really important.  What documentation do we want to see?

	a) For each class: a JavaDoc comment block describing the role that the
	class has in the overall system.  Describe any class invariants.
	[See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class_invariant]
	
	b) For each method: a JavaDoc comment block describing what (not how)
	the method does.  Describe any preconditions (conditions that must
	hold prior to calling the method in order for the method to function
	properly).  Document all the parameters as well as the return value.
	Be sure to use the @author tag for each team member who worked on 
	the method.  Describe whether/how the method maintains class invariants.
	
	c) For each instance/static variable: a JavaDoc comment block describing
	the role that the variable has in the overall system.  Describe any
	invariants which apply to the variable.
	
3) UI sketch.  Without actually writing UI code, sketch some mock-ups of 
how a Graphical User Interface for the game will look.  Be sure to show how
various game elements will be represented visually (e.g. departments, students,
who is chair of a department, who is dean of a school), as well as how these
elements will be manipulated.  Keep in mind that functionality is significantly
more important than fanciness of graphics.  A simple yet functional UI will 
earn more points than a beautiful but clunky or non-functional UI.

You can draw diagrams on paper and snap (high quality) pictures and import 
those pictures into your project, or draw your diagrams using a drawing tool.
I recommend neat hand drawn diagrams, with annotations.

SUBMISSION: In order for the TAs to give you some feedback on what you've
accomplished we ask that each team submit what they have, no later than a full
48 hours prior to their next recitation (i.e. if you have recitation on Tuesday
at 11:00 AM you should submit the current state of your project by Sunday at
11:00 AM).  Do this for each weekly submission from here on in.

Also, be sure that only one team member makes a submission each week, and 
make sure that they list ALL team members as partners when making the 
submission.
 
PIAZZA - Ask general project questions in Piazza.  Your customer (me!) is
waiting for questions, and has already answered several.  Be sure to tag
project questions with the 'project' tag.
